Add UI instructions (#455)
kyma-project/istio: docs/user/02-operation-guides/troubleshooting/03-30-istio-no-sidecar.md

## Remedy

> Use this [guide](../operations/02-10-check-if-sidecar-injection-is-enabled.md) to check if your Pod and its Namespace have Istio sidecar injected. Learn how to [enable Istio sidecar proxy injection](../operations/02-20-enable-sidecar-injection.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To check if your Pod and its Namespace have Istio sidecar injected, read [Check if you have Istio sidecar proxy injection enabled](../operations/02-10-check-if-sidecar-injection-is-enabled.md). Learn how to [enable Istio sidecar proxy injection](../operations/02-20-enable-sidecar-injection.md).
```
I like meaningful link titles
